Include information about cold starts consuming RUs in docs (#17105)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/serverless-faqs.md

CockroachDB [automatically collects statistics](../{{site.current_cloud_version}}/cost-based-optimizer.html#table-statistics) in a background process when certain conditions are met (for example, when more than 20% of rows in a table are modified). The statistics are used by the cost-based optimizer to tune statements for higher performance.

> When automatic statistics collection starts you may see a spike in RU usage. You can [turn off automatic statistics collection](../{{site.current_cloud_version}}/cost-based-optimizer.html#enable-and-disable-automatic-statistics-collection-for-clusters) to avoid these RU bursts, but the cost-based optimizer may choose inefficient statement plans if it doesn't have access to the latest statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When automatic statistics collection starts, the cluster may experience a spike in RU usage. You can [disable automatic statistics collection](../{{site.current_cloud_version}}/cost-based-optimizer.html#enable-and-disable-automatic-statistics-collection-for-clusters) to avoid these RU bursts, but this may cause the cost-based optimizer to choose inefficient statement plans based on outdated statistics.
```
Maybe not for this PR, but "RU usage" reads strange to me, since RUs are an abstract unit that shows usage. WDYT? Also, is the spike temporary? periodic? Under what circumstances would you _not_ see the increased RUs? I'm just wondering if we can firm up "may" a bit.

> Refreshing the Cloud Console will also consume RUs.

Reviewer: Since there could be a lot of clients consuming the Cloud Console, is there any way to help the customer predict how many RUs Cloud Console usage is likely to incur or to figure out if a single client or session is consuming more than expected?

Reviewer 2: typically its the amount of RUs needed to list the sql users and databases in the cluster (since we populate that info in the connect modal for the cluster).

However, for the same point in the above comment i'd prefer not including numbers.

Reviewer: Makes sense. It seems more that it is rendering Cloud Console pages than specifically refreshing Cloud Console.

### What is the cold start latency of a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster?

> When a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster is idle, it will scale down to zero and consume no RUs. When the cluster becomes active again it will begin serving requests within a fraction of a second, typically around 600 milliseconds. Note that cold starts consume RUs, so you may see a spike in usage.

Reviewer: I find myself wondering what it scales down to zero of. I guess it's RUs, since it doesn't really have nodes? What about "will scale down and consume no RUs"? I'm less familiar with Serverless so ignore this if I'm misunderstanding.

Reviewer 2: > wondering what it scales down to zero of. 

Good point. I dont think users are aware that scale ups and downs are in reference to sql server instances (kubernetes pods). You could also think of it as scale to 0 meaning 0 CPUs.

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying, it makes sense. I guess that it's difficult to observe an idle cluster that is consuming no RUs, if viewing its pages in Cloud Console consumes RUs.
